docs: Update README (#7)
rise-erpelding/color-grid-game: README.md

# Color Grid Game

> A tile-switching game allowing users to put an shuffled grid of colors in color order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tile-switching game where players must position their tiles in a shuffled grid so that they are in correct color order.
```

## Setup
1. `git clone git@github.com:rise-erpelding/color-grid-game.git` Clone the project
2. `npm install` to install dependencies
3. `npm start` to run the app locally
4. `npm test` to run tests
5. `npm run lint` to run linter

> 6. `npx stryker run` to run mutation testing

Reviewer: These steps might do better under a "Contributing" heading, since they're not part of the setup.

## Features
* Sandbox mode: Create a color grid by picking 4 corner colors and a grid size (currently 2-20)
* Game mode: Play the puzzle game with your grid (or use the default grid) - put the grid back in order!

## Technologies used
* Node.js
* Parcel.js
* Jest
* Stryker
* Sass

## Organization
In the `src` folder, there are a number of folders that contain JavaScript files:
* board
* color-utils
* grid
* helpers

Plus the `index.js` file, which serves as the entry point file for the app. 
### Game/Sandbox Functions Files
`board` and `helpers` contain files for the rendering of the color grid and the playing of the game.

### Grid Generator Files
The main achievement of the app is that it can take four corner colors (top left, top right, bottom left, bottom right) and generate a color grid containing tiles colored with those four corner colors, gradually transitioning from one corner color to another in between. The code for achieving this can be found in `grid` and `color-utils`.

> When four corner colors are submitted in the form, `makeGrid` in `grid.js` is called, which looks at the first color and last color in each row and calls `makeRow` in `row.js` to create each row of tiles that gradually transition in color from start to end. `makeRow` converts the start and end color in each row to rgb values then uses `makeStops` to compare the r, g, and b values (numbers between 0 and 255) at start and end and determine, based on how many color tiles should be in each row, what numerical values should go between the start and end to generate evenly spaced values.

Reviewer: There's don't think there's anything wrong with including logic in the README, thought it isn't vary commonplace (i'd say).
